terraform: remove cloud loggers (#2892)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/troubleshooting.md

## Diagnosing issues

> ### Boot Logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Logs
```

> To get started on diagnosing issues with Constellation, it often is helpful to collect logs from nodes, pods or other resources in the cluster. Most logs are available through Kubernetes' standard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started on diagnosing issues with Constellation, it's often helpful to collect logs from nodes, pods, or other resources in the cluster. Most logs are available through Kubernetes' standard
```

[logging interfaces](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/).

> To debug issues occurring at boot time of the nodes, you can use the serial console interface of the CSP.

Reviewer 2: I think this option is actually disabled everywhere where its possible for non debug deployments.

Reviewer: Also seeing the output? Or only logging in?

Author: Verifying this currently. I think we should have a read-only console on all CSPs

Reviewer: Ah, you mean the serial console is disabled via the CSP, but not in a CC-secure way, right?

Author: Well, the read-only configuration is embedded in our image and thus also "CC-secure", but the cloud provider may preserve the logs after boot, which we seemingly explicitly turn off where possible. However, the serial console in all cases is read-only and, using our image, doesn't disclose any sensible information, so I don't think it's a problem.

Reviewer: Yes, I didn't mean that there's a security issue. I only remembered that, in addition, we may have turned off serial console access via VM settings as a kind of best-effort approach.

> To debug issues occurring at boot time of the nodes, one can use the serial console interface of the CSP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To debug issues occurring at boot time of the nodes, you can use the serial console interface of the CSP.
```
